Usability: I believe my website is pretty easy to navigate, providing links to other pages on the sidebar and links to jump to sections on the current page at the top of the page. The current page’s button is also highlighted on the side bar, so the user can always be aware of where they are on the website. The interactive elements are also pretty easy to use, involving only the click of a button (or door) or the hover of a cursor.

Educational Value: I think the content on my website is quite educational, especially considering the widespread ignorance of Internet privacy that was found by my initial survey. I cover three different topics and provide a good introduction to each. I also provide a few links for further reading should the user be interested in gaining a deeper understanding of a certain subject.

Interactivity: My website has three main interactive elements: the cookie banner runaway button, the hover browser comparison, and the door game. While the browser comparison is only the real educational one, I find the others to supplement the website well in adding entertaining elements–especially considering the text of the website itself provides enough information. I also have the cookie clicker easter egg, which I will admit does not add much to the overall website, but it could be fun to whoever discovers it. Lastly, I link a few websites for users to test their devices against fingerprinting; while this is obviously not implemented on my website (and is not an interactive element of mine), I still introduce the user to a fun experience.

Aesthetics: I tried really hard to make the website have a somewhat similar aesthetic to modern websites. I have a blue theme prevalent throughout the entire website, even taking the time to make the bullet points blue. I included images at the top of each page and some throughout the page. I also implemented the navigation bar that colors green the webpage the user is currently on and highlights others on hover. My links also change color to a deeper blue on hover, and I included a favicon, after accidentally discovering it, just for the fun of it. 

I tried to accommodate for the vendor prefixes (-moz and -webkit for Firefox and Safari), but I likely missed a few instances. I also set the initial viewport in the meta tag to resize my webpage for mobile devices, as well as used percentages as a measure for image size to account for smaller screens. I also tried to accommodate for screen readers by using semantically rich tags–or ARIA landmarks–and including alt text for images.
